src/algebra/ordered_ring.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/adjunction/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/adjunction/fully_faithful.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/adjunction/limits.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/endomorphism.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/epi_mono.lean : line 15 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/eq_to_hom.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/full_subcategory.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/fully_faithful.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/functor.lean : line 18 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/functor_category.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/groupoid.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/cones.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/functor_category.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/lattice.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/opposites.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/finite_products.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/types.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/monad/adjunction.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/monad/basic.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/natural_transformation.lean : line 16 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/opposites.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/products/bifunctor.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/whiskering.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/computability/partrec_code.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/applicative.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/bifunctor.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/monad/cont.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/traversable/derive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/traversable/equiv.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/traversable/instances.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/traversable/lemmas.lean : line 18 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/analysis/filter.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/analysis/topology.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/array/lemmas.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/bitvec/basic.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/buffer/basic.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/dlist/instances.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/fintype/sort.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/basic.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/func.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/of_fn.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/sigma.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pfun.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pfunctor/multivariate/M.lean : line 43 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pfunctor/multivariate/W.lean : line 42 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pnat/intervals.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/qpf/multivariate/basic.lean : line 73 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/cofix.lean : line 38 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/fix.lean : line 47 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/univariate/basic.lean : line 35 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/seq/computation.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/parallel.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/seq.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/wseq.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/set/lattice.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/sigma/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/subtype.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/ulift.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/deprecated/subfield.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/deprecated/subring.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/logic/relation.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/logic/relator.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/filter/partial.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/set_theory/lists.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/set_theory/zfc.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/algebra.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/apply_fun.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/auto_cases.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/chain.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/converter/binders.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/converter/interactive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/converter/interactive.lean : line 53 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/converter/old_conv.lean : line 272 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/converter/old_conv.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/core.lean : line 17 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/core.lean : line 2194 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/core.lean : line 2355 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/delta_instance.lean : line 67 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/delta_instance.lean : line 75 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/delta_instance.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/elide.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/ext.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/fin_cases.lean : line 121 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/fin_cases.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/find.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/generalizes.lean : line 118 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/hint.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/induction.lean : line 1337 : ERR_RNT : Reserved notation outside tactic.reserved_notation
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 1063 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 385 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 649 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 852 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 153 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 173 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 177 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 185 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 186 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 232 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 242 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 368 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 413 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 439 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 444 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interval_cases.lean : line 246 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interval_cases.lean : line 32 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/lean_core_docs.lean : line 733 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lean_core_docs.lean : line 766 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/elimination.lean : line 121 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/parsing.lean : line 19 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 228 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 259 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 260 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 305 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/local_cache.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 191 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 467 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 469 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 490 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/lemmas.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/noncomm_ring.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/congr.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/clause.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/coeffs.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/eq_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/find_ees.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/find_scalars.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/dnf.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/form.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/preterm.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/lin_comb.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/misc.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/dnf.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/form.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/neg_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/preterm.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/sub_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/prove_unsats.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/term.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 188 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 189 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/restate_axiom.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/rewrite.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/rewrite_all/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/show_term.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/simpa.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/slice.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 186 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 188 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 189 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 196 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 197 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 198 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 199 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 203 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 205 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/solve_by_elim.lean : line 161 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/solve_by_elim.lean : line 175 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/solve_by_elim.lean : line 99 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/split_ifs.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/split_ifs.lean : line 56 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 215 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/subtype_instance.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tauto.lean : line 35 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/tauto.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tfae.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tidy.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tidy.lean : line 45 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 101 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 111 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 113 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 6 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/transform_decl.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/transform_decl.lean : line 85 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transport.lean : line 45 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/trunc_cases.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 181 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 198 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 218 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 95 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/gen.lean : line 133 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/gen.lean : line 144 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/gen.lean : line 83 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 273 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 372 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 373 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 487 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 490 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 493 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 504 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 521 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 531 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 538 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 541 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 558 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 560 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 591 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 596 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 601 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 606 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 741 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/floor_ring.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/group_completion.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/open_subgroup.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/uniform_ring.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/category/Top/open_nhds.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
